# Understanding-IEEE-754-Floating-Point-Numbers
1. ConvertDecimals.java - This class take in a decimal value and convert it to the binary value of it. It also specifies the components such as sign, exponent and fraction parts of the binary number.
2. ArithmeticOperation.java - This class perform the two arithmetic operations 0.1+0.2 and 1.0/3.0 and returns the normal and binary values of the result. I observed from the program that the result isn't exactly right because the number 0.1+0.2 and 1/3 can't be represented exactly using binary, so Java stores the closest approximate values in binary instead.
3. SpecialValuesHandling.java - This class takes in three values: positive infinity, negative infinity and not a number, see how java displays them and their binary values, and checks (returns true or false) if Java recognizes them as psoitive infinity, negative infinity and nan.
4. Rounding.java - This class sees different types of rounding in Java round a number.
5. UnderflowAndOverflow.java - This class takes in a number that is too big to store and displays it as infitity, a number that is too small to store and displays it as 0.0, the class also returns the binary values of the numbers respectively.
6. PrecisionLoss.java - This class takes in a very small value and shows that after an operation, this very small value can lose precision since the results display diferent decimal points.
7. The difference is how Java and Python handles special numbers such as positive infinity, negative infinity, /0.0 operations or not a number. While Java can recognizes it as what it is and gives the binary values for it (like how I explained in 3), Python usually crashes the program when meeting this values and raises and error.
